#### Q1: The reviewer questions the absence of an efficiency comparison between the current attack and previous ones regarding query numbers, the rationale behind fixed query limits, and the lack of a queries vs. attack strength analysis for identifying the Pareto optimal curve.

A1: Thanks for your comments. We consider adding the attack intensity of different query budgets to our experimental scenario. An increase in query budgets does increase the intensity of attacks. The comparison in Table 2 was designed to demonstrate the efficiency of our method under a specific set of conditions. We compare the performance of all algorithms with a limited query budget. As far as we know in the baseline, the setting of this query budget is not very strict, and can effectively compare the differences between different algorithms.

We set different query budget that is 5,000 , 10,000, 15,000, 20,000, 25,000 instead of fixed budget. Notwithstanding the inherent disparities in our respective problem, we divided three sets of experiments for different problem(Global attack, Region-wise attack, Fixed attack). First, we compared with global attack methods, i.e. Square attack, Parsimonious attack and ZO-NGD attack, with $\ell_\infty$ constraints in Fig.1. Thus, we set the same $\ell_\infty$ constraint for all algorithms is 0.05. Second, we compared with region-wise attack, i.e. Patch-RS, with a patch in Fig.2. We set the patch size of the patch to be 80 in Patch-RS. The $\ell_0$ constraint is 19200(80 $\times$ 80 $\times$ 3). Finally, we compared with fixed-version of global attack algorithms in Fig. 3. For all algorithms, we set the same double constraint, $\ell_\infty$ is 0.1, $\ell_0$ is 26820 for ImageNet dataset, Inceptionv3 model, and $\ell_\infty$ is 0.1, $\ell_0$ is 15052 for ImageNet dataset, vision transformer model. That is, for double constraint, we perturb only 10% of the pixels.

**Fig1 Global attack algorithms in different query budget**

From the Fig. 1, all algorithms have $\ell_\infty$ constraint 0.05. We can see that the success rate of the attack will decrease significantly if the query is less than 15,000 for high-resolution image attack tasks. When the query budget reaches 20,000, the success rate becomes stable.

**Fig2 Region-wise attack algorithms in different query budget**

From the Fig. 2, all algorithms perturb up to 19200 of the pixels. Patch-RS is a heuristic attack method, it can be seen from the Fig. 2 ViT-B model that Patch-RS performs very poorly under strict query budget. 

**Fig3 Fixed attack algorithms in different query budget**

From the Fig 3, global attack algorithms with fixed region perform poorly under different budgets. Due to time constraints and according to the attack performance of different regions in Table 18, we only provide the results of attacks in the central area.


#### Q2. Are there diminishing returns in attack success with higher resolution? While the proposed attack appears to be stronger and less perceptible than baselines of small resolution datasets (cifar10, mnist), the trend doesn't fully hold on ImageNet dataset (table 14 in appendix). Square attack [1] achieves equally high success rate and lower average queries.

A2: High-resolution images often contain more complex and varied features, which might affect the efficiency and success rate of adversarial attacks compared to smaller resolution datasets. As shown in Table 14 in the appendix, the attack performance trend observed on CIFAR10 and MNIST does not fully extend to the ImageNet dataset . *In the latest results provided, we adopt the variance reduction method to estimate the gradient in the black box more effectively, and the results are shown in the table.[To be update]*

The problem addressed within the realms of the Square attack substantially diverges from the context elucidated within our paper. In our paper, our deliberations pivot around the conceptualization of regionally sparse attacks, a paradigm wherein we endow the capability to autonomously designate target regions for assault while concurrently regulating the number of regions to be subjected to such perturbation.   In stark contrast, the Square attack methodology is fundamentally engrossed in the task of imbuing perturbations across the entire expanse of an image, bereft of the nuanced capacity to pinpoint specific regions meriting subjection to attack.

From the table 14 in the appendix, if we perturb all the pixels like Square attack, we can achieve similar success rates and queries to Square attack. However,  from Tab.16 and Tab. 18 in the appendix, we can seen that Square attack doesn't do well with double constraint scenarios.


#### Q3: Can authors clarify how the attack complexity behaves with experimental setup, i.e., input resolutions, size of neural networks, number of classes, etc?

A3: Our experimental scenario is set up as an unknown black box attack, and we get no information about the model other than output. This is a big challenge for gradient-based attack algorithms, and we want to generate sparse and imperceptible perturbations, and the strict requirements make the number of queries significantly higher. 

We tested our method on three datasets: MNIST, CIFAR10, and ImageNet, each varying in image resolution and complexity. In order to preserve the inherent characteristics of the baseline algorithm, we designed three experiments to comprehensively evaluate the performance of the algorithm. Our evaluation models include both simple CNN models and complex models(Inception-v3, ViT-B) on high-resolution images. The results showed varying degrees of attack success and efficiency across these different setups. We have systematically analyzed these three different attack modes. 

In the follow-up work, we adopted the variance reduction technology to effectively improve the query efficiency. Although our work still has some shortcomings, it also provides the direction for automatic region selection attack algorithm.


#### Q4: Can authors provide additional intuition of why the proposed approach has higher ASR than similar black-box attacks, e.g., square attacks? Is it because of attack strength or subtle design choices, such as patch based perturbations.

A4: First, our approach utilizes automatic region selection, enabled by the $\ell_0^G$ constraint, which represents structured sparsity defined on a collection of groups G. This automatic detection of the regions that need to be perturbed is a key differentiator from heuristic-based approaches like square attacks. It allows for more targeted and effective perturbations, increasing the ASR.

Second, we reformulated the function $f$ as an optimization problem with $\ell_0^G$ and $\ell_\infty$ constraint. This formulation, combined with the use of natural evolution strategies and search gradients, provides a robust framework for generating perturbations that are more aligned with the target, contributing to a higher ASR.

Finally, for non-overlapping groups G, our method provided a closed-form solution to the first-order Taylor approximation of the objective function. In cases where G is overlapping, an approximate solution is derived. This dual approach ensures effective perturbation generation across various scenarios, enhancing the overall ASR.
